both lounger is one of several awesome
lounger apps out there but is
distinguished by its versatile
functionality and rich community of
gamers if at any point you get tired of
the same old look of your device and
simply moving around a few apps and
widgets no longer does the trick for you
then you are just the right place both
lounger offers a massive portfolio of
teams many of which are deeply
integrated and masterfully made gone are
the days when you need it amongst
patience and a fair bit of technical
knowledge to actually change something
profound about the way your Android
looks but lounger offers all of that and
it's easy to use and very effective for
the job this crease with phone arena and
Sam take bus lounger out for a spin all
right folks let's talk Dean's not at all
accidentally buzz launcher has truck
loads of those feeling Christmassy no
problem want the team tailored after
your favorite Comics superhero
easy-peasy looking for something a bit
more sensual your team so pure looking
that even guys are okay for getting
hooked it really is all about choice
with bus lounger in fact functionality
runs so deep that you can actually get
up try its best to fit your current home
screen into a new team though we suggest
going from scratch that's not a scary
prospect as many of the teams are pretty
much ready to go out of the box you just
need to supply the additional apps and
widgets yourself this means going
through your brand new you are and
looking for anything that needs to be
downloaded a small download icon will
guide you if you don't fancy an app or a
widget that you created of the team has
picked you can always supply your own
which is also an appreciated feature
either way it's generally safe to say
that sooner rather than later you have
more stuff for any consecutive team's
already installed but back to your brand
new team once you download the missing
element of the UI the launcher will
automatically try to append the new app
or widget
rinse and repeat with everything else
and your new fancy UI should be fully
programmed to go in less than five
minutes perhaps best of all these teams
are not static you can actually tweak
the size of icons and widgets
rename them and generally just do
whatever you please this means that you
can also change the default home screen
swipe animation
edit icon written margins and even tweak
the status and dog bar but lounger also
has support for a preset number of
gestures or if you fancy doing some
extra work you can even create your own
that will better suit your needs so how
does buzz launcher stack up in our time
with it it offer too Pleasant no
previous experience as it's got all the
essentials covered it's got a great and
active community and developers it's
versatile in the way talkers content and
get you out of your comfort zone just as
important it's a great way to discover
new apps and widgets that you never
would have come across otherwise on the
downside it's vast selection of themes
also means that it can get kind of
overwhelming at times and not each and
every one is as fluid and polished as we
would have liked
lastly getting the best out of the
launcher will obviously require a time
investment as there is a decent amount
of options to play with that being said
that is actually what bus lounger is all
about at its core a choice to do
whatever you want this was Chris with
phone arena thanks for tuning in